Add Tag entities (#32193)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/tag.markdown

![Tag user interface in Home Assistant](/images/blog/2020-09-15-home-assistant-tags/tag-ui.gif)

## Entities

Every card automatically creates an `tag` entity. This is useful for automations or for displaying on dashboards to see when the card was last scanned.

> State shows the time when the card was last scanned in datetime format. For example, `2013-09-17 07:32:51`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
State shows the time when the card was last scanned in datetime format. For example, `2013-09-17 07:32:51`.
```

> State shows the time when the card was last scanned in datetime format. For example, `2013-09-17 07:32:51`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
State shows the time when the card was last scanned in datetime string format. For example, `2013-09-17T07:32:51.095+00:00`
```
I see. I think this should fix the example?

![NFC Cards](/images/blog/2020-09-15-home-assistant-tags/cards.jpg)

## Entities

> Every card is automatically creating an `event` entity which is useful for automations or to put on dashboards to see when the card was latest scanned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every card automatically creates an `event` entity. This is useful for automations or for showing on dashboards to see when the card was last scanned.
```

> State is the datetime when the card was last scanned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
State shows the time when the card was last scanned in datetime format. For example, `2013-09-17 07:32:51`.
```

> State is the last datetime when the card was scanned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
State is the timestamp when the card was last scanned.
```

Reviewer 2: I think datetime is intentional here, as it is a datetime object and not a timestamp string.

Reviewer 2: Hmm the state is not a datetime object actually but a timestamp string... so your suggestion is actually correct.

> `tag_id` and `device_id` is set as attributes on the entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tag_id` and `device_id` are set as attributes on the entity.
```
